CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to contribute to this project

Glad you are here, any help is appreciated for this project!

## Bug reports

- Make sure that the bug is not already reported and open under [Issues](https://github.com/getbreathelife/onespan-sign-node/issues)

- If there isn't an open issue addressing the bug, open a new one. Make sure to include a title and include as much
  relevant information as you can in the description. Our bug report template should guide you through this process.
  :slightly_smiling_face:

## Submit changes

If you wish to contribute your code to this project. You should:

1. [Fork this repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository)
2. Make your changes
3. [Submit a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)
   to this repository

Before submitting your pull request, make sure to do the following (where applicable):

- Document APIs
- Write unit tests

When opening your PR, please also make sure to:

- Clearly explain the purpose of this PR. Or in case of addressing an issue, link the issue to your PR
- Explain what you did in your changes

## Coding conventions

Most conventions are enforced using [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) and [Eslint](https://eslint.org/). Please make sure
that your IDE is configured to use those packages and their respective configs to enforce the conventions.

---

Thank you for your contribution!

Commit message:

Setup toolings for API documentation (#10)
* Added `@microsoft/api-extractor` and `@microsoft/api-documenter` as dev dependencies

* Set up API extraction config

* Set up API documentation generation script

* Added `eslint-plugin-tsdoc`

* Moved api extractor config file

* Fixed `eslint-plugin-tsdoc` config

* Typed methods in `OneSpanSign` class

* Updated `.gitignore` and `.npmignore`

* Updated type documentations

* Throw eslint error on improper tsdoc syntax usage

* Updated README about API documentation

* Updated READMEs about generating documentation

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to contribute to this project

Glad you are here, any help is appreciated for this project!

## Bug reports

- Make sure that the bug is not already reported and open under [Issues](https://github.com/getbreathelife/onespan-sign-node/issues)

- If there isn't an open issue addressing the bug, open a new one. Make sure to include a title and include as much
  relevant information as you can in the description. Our bug report template should guide you through this process.
  :slightly_smiling_face:

## Submit changes

If you wish to contribute your code to this project. You should:

1. [Fork this repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository)
2. Make your changes
3. [Submit a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)
   to this repository

Before submitting your pull request, make sure to do the following (where applicable):

- Document APIs
- Write unit tests

:information_source: You don't need to generate the Markdown documentations. It'll be done automatically when it's merged to `main`.

When opening your PR, please also make sure to:

- Clearly explain the purpose of this PR. Or in case of addressing an issue, link the issue to your PR
- Explain what you did in your changes

## Coding conventions

Most conventions are enforced using [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) and [Eslint](https://eslint.org/). Please make sure
that your IDE is configured to use those packages and their respective configs to enforce the conventions.

---

Thank you for your contribution!
