README.md, before:

# onespan-sign-node

:warning: This library is still a WIP

Node.js library for the OneSpan Sign API

## Feature Support

### Packages (Transactions)
| Endpoints                                                | `GET`              | `POST`             | `PUT`              | `DELETE`           |
|----------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|--------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
| `/api/packages`                                          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}`                              | :white_check_mark: | -                  | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/audit`                        | :white_check_mark: | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/clone`                        | -                  | :x:                | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/evidence/summary`             | :white_check_mark: | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/fieldSummary`                 | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/referencedConditions`         | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/signers/{signerId}/approvals` | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/signingStatus`                | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |

### Documents
| Endpoints                                                        | `GET` | `POST`             | `PUT` | `DELETE` |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|--------------------|-------|----------|
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents`                            | -     | :white_check_mark: | :x:   | :x:      |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/zip`                        | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/signConfirm`                | -     | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/signed_documents`           | -     | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/visibility`                 | :x:   | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}`               | :x:   | :x:                | :x:   | :x:      |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/original`      | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/pdf`           | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/layout`        | -     | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/pages/{index}` | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |

Any other resources not mentioned in this document are currently **unsupported**.

## API Documentation

You can view the latest documentation [here](./docs/index.md).

## Tests

### Unit tests using [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)

Run `yarn test` from the project root.

### Manually Testing using REPL

To start in repl mode run `yarn repl`. This will start an interactive repl, in which you can invoke and test the OneSpanSign class

**Example**

```sh
// Step 1: Start repl
yarn repl

// Step 2: Test code
> console.log(OneSpanSign)
```

Commit message:

Authenticate API requests using access tokens (#22)
* Added request config type for retrieving API access tokens

* Allow passing in function as parameter to `withAuthorizationHeader` method

* Replaced `apiKey` parameters with `accessTokenConfig`, pass in a callback to `withAuthorizationHeader` calls

* Extracted helper function

* Updated README

* Added function documentation

* Updated existing tests

* Bind `this` context to `getAuthorizationHeader` function

* Added tests for authorization header behaviour

* Updated test snapshot

* Added tests for `BaseRequestBuilder`

* Added documentations for the `BaseRequestBuilder` methods

* Updated GH workflow to generate API report

* Generated API report

* Simplified git diff logic

* Corrected package documentation

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# onespan-sign-node

:warning: This library is still a WIP

Node.js library for the OneSpan Sign API

If you wish to contribute to this project, please read the [contribution guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## API Documentation

You can view the latest documentation [here](./docs/index.md).

## Feature Support

### Packages (Transactions)
| Endpoints                                                | `GET`              | `POST`             | `PUT`              | `DELETE`           |
|----------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|--------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
| `/api/packages`                                          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}`                              | :white_check_mark: | -                  | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/audit`                        | :white_check_mark: | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/clone`                        | -                  | :x:                | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/evidence/summary`             | :white_check_mark: | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/fieldSummary`                 | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/referencedConditions`         | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/signers/{signerId}/approvals` | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/signingStatus`                | :x:                | -                  | -                  | -                  |

### Documents
| Endpoints                                                        | `GET` | `POST`             | `PUT` | `DELETE` |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|--------------------|-------|----------|
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents`                            | -     | :white_check_mark: | :x:   | :x:      |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/zip`                        | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/signConfirm`                | -     | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/signed_documents`           | -     | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/visibility`                 | :x:   | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}`               | :x:   | :x:                | :x:   | :x:      |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/original`      | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/pdf`           | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/layout`        | -     | :x:                | -     | -        |
| `/api/packages/{packageId}/documents/{documentId}/pages/{index}` | :x:   | -                  | -     | -        |

Any other resources not mentioned in this document are currently **unsupported**.

## Tests

### Unit tests using [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)

Run `yarn test` from the project root.

### Manually Testing using REPL

To start in repl mode run `yarn repl`. This will start an interactive repl, in which you can invoke and test the OneSpanSign class

**Example**

```sh
// Step 1: Start repl
yarn repl

// Step 2: Test code
> console.log(OneSpanSign)
```
